gh-71042: Add `platform.android_ver` (#116674)
python/cpython: Doc/library/platform.rst

          return ids

   .. versionadded:: 3.10

Android Platform
----------------

.. function:: android_ver(release="", api_level=0, manufacturer="", \
                          model="", device="", is_emulator=False)

   Get Android device information. Returns a :func:`~collections.namedtuple`
   with the following attributes. Values which cannot be determined are set to
   the defaults given as parameters.

   * ``release`` - Android version, as a string (e.g. ``"14"``)

>    * ``api_level`` - API level, as an integer (e.g. ``34``)

Reviewer: Would you mind to repeat here the difference with https://docs.python.org/dev/library/sys.html#sys.getandroidapilevel and so add a reference to the sys function?

Author: Good idea; done.

>    * ``manufacturer`` - `manufacturer name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``manufacturer`` - `Manufacturer name
```

     <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build#MANUFACTURER>`__

>    * ``model`` - `model name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``model`` - `Model name
```

     <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build#MODEL>`__ –
     typically the marketing name or model number

>    * ``device`` - `device name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``device`` - `Device name
```

     <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build#DEVICE>`__ –
     typically the model number or a codename

   * ``is_emulator`` - ``True`` if the device is an emulator; ``False`` if it's
     a physical device

>    For a list of known model and device names, see `here
>    <https://storage.googleapis.com/play_public/supported_devices.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the `list of known model and device names
   <https://storage.googleapis.com/play_public/supported_devices.html>`__.
```

          return ids

   .. versionadded:: 3.10

Android Platform
----------------

.. function:: android_ver(release="", api_level=0, min_api_level=0, \
                          manufacturer="", model="", device="")

   Get Android device information. Returns a :func:`~collections.namedtuple`
   with the following attributes. Values which cannot be determined are set to
   the defaults given as parameters.

   * ``release`` - Android version, as a string (e.g. ``"14"``)

   * ``api_level`` - API level, as an integer (e.g. ``34``)

   * ``min_api_level`` - Minimum API level this build of Python can run on, as
     an integer (e.g. ``21``)

   * ``manufacturer`` - `manufacturer name
     <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build#MANUFACTURER>`__
     (e.g. ``"Google"``)

   * ``model`` - `model name
     <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build#MODEL>`__
     (e.g. ``"Pixel 7"``)

   * ``device`` - `device name
     <https://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build#DEVICE>`__
     (e.g. ``"panther"``)

>    Which one of ``model`` and ``device`` is more likely to distinguish different

Reviewer 2: @mhsmith "Which one of" is a bit unclear to me. Perhaps this could be rewritten to be a bit more explicit.

Maybe: Manufacturers use ``model`` and ``device`` to identify Android hardware. Specific use of these two names will vary by manufacturer to identify the marketing name of the hardware.

Author: OK, I've rephrased it to describe the typical values, and added a link to a list of known devices.

Author: I've also reverted the documentation changes in `platform.system` and `platform.release` to avoid a conflict with #117052, which documents those functions for both Android and iOS.

Reviewer 2: Looks good. Thanks.
